                                                26th June,1984
 
    The function of this program is to give more information about the
selected files on the diskette. The number of unoccupied blocks on the
diskette is also reported.
 
1. HOW TO USE IT
    Go to the starting address of the program (by G in SUPERMON,RU in
RAE or L3 with unit number 8X) will give you two prompt lines:
 
CATALOG V1.0
filename,unit ->
 
Enter the file name and then the unit number. e.g. *.*,0 refers to all
files on the diskette in drive unit number 0. (See SYMDOS2 manual for
the detail about the file name format.)
 
filename,unit -> CAT.*,0<cr>         ;<cr> means the RETURN key
 
As soon as the RETURN key is depressed, the drive will start spinning.
After some time, it stopped and the selected files on the diskette will
printed in the sorted order. For example, you may see the following:
 
     FILENAME          EXT BLK  ADDRESS
  CAT      COM   R/W    1  002 0200-051D
  CAT      RAE   R/W    1  007 0800-1AA7
  CAT      XRF   R/W    1  006 0800-17BF
3 file(s) occupy 15 block(s)
101 block(s) unoccupied
 
The meaning of the last but one line is obvious. The last line give the
number of unoccupied blocks on the diskette.
 
    If you want to know the number of unoccupied blocks only, then type
",u" when the program ask for filename and unit. u is the unit number.
 
i.e.  filename,unit -> ,0
      101 block(s) unoccupied
 
2. MORE INFORMATION
 
    If the file name is bracketed, it means that the file is set to no
directory listing. i.e. it cannot be seen using "L7" or "DC D" command.
(see also SET.DOC)
 
   R/W means that the file can be read or write. R/O means that the file
can be read only. It cannot be deleted or rename. (see also SET.DOC)
 
    The field EXT give the number of extent of the file or equivalently
the number of occupied directory entries. (see section DIRECTORY FORMAT
p.8 of SYMDOS2 manual)
 
    The field BLK give the number of blocks occupied by the file.
 
    Address is the starting and end address of the file.
 
    The program can be used on a 40 column terminal.
 
    The listing can be stopped temporary by depressing shift-break key
on the KTM-2 terminal or the equivalent key on other termainl. Pressing
ctl-Q can continue the listing and ctl-C will terminate the listing and
output the number of unoccupied blocks immediately.
 
3. NOTES
 
    The working area of the program start from the end of the program.
Number of bytes required is 17 times the number of directory entries of
the files then plus 1. Leaving about two pages of memory free after the
program will probably sufficient.
 
    Number of files is assumed to be less than 100.
 
    Break key is checked at the end of each line. For slow terminal, you
may have problem in stopping the listing. Add the checking of break key
in the middle of the line if necessary.
 
   The number of blocks on the diskette is not equal to the total number
of blocks occupied by the files on the diskette plus the number of
unoccupied blocks. Their difference is the number of blocks occupied by
the directory.
 